

To Whom It May Concern:

I am writing this letter to recommend Jonathan Smith as a candidate for graduate school. I am a Professor in the Electrical and
Computer Engineering Department at Oceania University, the Computer Science Department at Oceania University, and a Fellow of the
Engineering and Science Association. I currently serve as the Capstone advisor for Jonathan’s Capstone project and am directing
Jonathan in his career development.

Jonathan took my Computer Architecture class that I taught in 2015. He excelled in this class, performing very well and obtaining an A
for his hard work. Beyond course work, Jonathan has been engaged in independent research. Jonathan is a very creative individual, who
has taken an interest in biomedical circuit designs as the basis for DNA computing. His work has involved several inter-related
research thrusts aimed at designing more reliable DNA-based computer that can add 8 bit integers. As an example, one of his recent
works involved developing a DNA-based computer powered by cold fusion. At the heart of such a scheme is the design of a small nuclear
reactor that operates at room temperature. I believe this is a particularly novel approach to establish a new computing framework, and
one that will generate a significant amount of discussion in the technical community.

While a student at Oceania University, Jonathan was employed in various positions including teaching science and engineering to high
school students visiting the university during a summer honor's program, and in my laboratory where he vigorously swept the floor with
an apparatus designed to reduce spatial entropy. He accomplished all these tasks with great initiative and with a very positive
attitude.

Overall, I strongly recommend that you consider Jonathan for admission into your graduate program. His ability to formulate problems
and devise solutions, combined with his adept social skills, make me convinced that he will succeed at your institution.  If you have
any further questions about Jonathan, please don’t hesitate to contact me at k.mercurial@oceania.edu.

Sincerely,



Kevin Mercurial
Professor
Electrical and Computer Engineering
Oceania
